Fix Grammar - Closes #422 (#428)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started.adoc

=== Binary

The *default* way to setup Lisk Core.

> The xref:{url_binary_installation}[Binary installation] is an easy and automated way to set up Lisk Core, which includes automated update scripts that are almost complete, together with a selection of tools to assist with seamlessly maintaining a Lisk Node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The xref:{url_binary_installation}[Binary installation] is an easy and automated way to set up Lisk Core, which includes almost completely automated update scripts, together with a selection of tools to assist with seamlessly maintaining a Lisk Node.
```
